Add reference to the Azure Fluid Relay (#6387)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/content/start/faq.md

ecosystem. There will be ways for Fluid Framework developers to operate in M365 but those integration points are
not available yet.

> Microsoft has also [announced](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office/blogs/whats-new-in-microsoft-365-platform-at-build-2021/) Azure Fluid Relay, a production fluid service, at Build 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft has also [announced](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office/blogs/whats-new-in-microsoft-365-platform-at-build-2021/) Azure Fluid Relay, a fully managed Fluid service, at Build 2021.
```
